hello how can I help ya I got two rooms
left time yawns is a secret hospital for
criminals everybody's gonna get fixed up
now verify your memberships and we're
off to the races
this thing is covered in blood it's
always covered in blood please to world
this is America 85% of what I fix is
bulletins we'll get some numbers without
all the holes
I'm in position to finish the job put in
a 30% raise for inconvenience and
because you're gross nice
pronounced lease I was talking about
your ass that's your room allocation hey
put your dirty boots on the stuff on
your own else oh hey go yourself
[Music]
this here
the king is in the building you need to
leave here right now
the wolf king of La such a dumb night
man I guess my ballrooms days are over
baby this hospital was built on trust it
was people turn always toward their
child don't kill any other gracious
let's just skip the alone the water
in LA but it's raining in here
feel like we got chemistry
full of blood
[Music]
when I walk away don't jump on my back
okay if you do I'm gonna you for
real this time
you